Expects cmsSimGeom-14.root file in this directory. It is produced by
running 'cmsRun dumpSimGeometry_cfg.py' in the python/ sub-directory.
It can be symlinked here.

To run:
  root.exe geom_cms.C
  root.exe geom_core_parts.C
  root.exe geom_detail_local.C
  root.exe geom_detail_global.C


Instructions
============

Open "Scenes/Geometry Scene" in list-tree widget on left.

Then double-click to browse further.

For top-nodes one can set the depth of displayed geometry (change "VisLevel"
value in object editor below, after selecting the top-node). Be careful,
things can get slow, especially if there is no hardware accelerated GL.

By doulbe clicking on the background of the 3D view one gets controls for the
GL viewer. Clipping planes, guides and lights can be set there.

Several options are available via key-presses -- see "Help on GL Viewer" that
is available from the menu (below "Actions" in 3D window, the thin blue bar
unrolls into menu). The contents is also pasted below.




DIRECT SCENE INTERACTIONS

   Press:
   	w          --- wireframe mode
   	e          --- switch between dark / light color-set
   	r          --- filled polygons mode
   	t          --- outline mode
   	j          --- ZOOM in
   	k          --- ZOOM out
   	Arrow Keys --- PAN (TRUCK) across scene
   	Home       --- reset current camera

   LEFT mouse button -- ROTATE (ORBIT) the scene by holding the mouse button and moving
   the mouse (perspective camera, needs to be enabled in menu for orthograpic cameras).
   By default, the scene will be rotated about its center. To select arbitrary center
   bring up the viewer-editor (e.g., shift-click into empty background) and use
   'Camera center' controls in the 'Guides' tab.

   MIDDLE mouse button or arrow keys --  PAN (TRUCK) the camera.

   RIGHT mouse button action depends on camera type:
     orthographic -- zoom,
     perspective  -- move camera forwards / backwards

   By pressing Ctrl and Shift keys the mouse precision can be changed:
     Shift      -- 10 times less precise
     Ctrl       -- 10 times more precise
     Ctrl Shift -- 100 times more precise

   Mouse wheel action depends on camera type:
     orthographic -- zoom,
     perspective  -- change field-of-view (focal length)

   Double clik will show GUI editor of the viewer (if assigned).

   RESET the camera via the button in viewer-editor or Home key.

   SELECT a shape with Shift+Left mouse button click.

   SELECT the viewer with Shift+Left mouse button click on a free space.

   MOVE a selected shape using Shift+Mid mouse drag.

   Invoke the CONTEXT menu with Shift+Right mouse click.

Secondary selection and direct render object interaction is initiated
   by Alt+Left mouse click (Mod1, actually). Only few classes support this option.
   When 'Alt' is taken by window manager, try Alt-Ctrl-Left.

CAMERA

   The "Camera" menu is used to select the different projections from 
   the 3D world onto the 2D viewport. There are three perspective cameras:

   	Perspective (Floor XOZ)
   	Perspective (Floor YOZ)
   	Perspective (Floor XOY)

   In each case the floor plane (defined by two axes) is kept level.

   There are also three orthographic cameras:

   	Orthographic (XOY)
   	Orthographic (XOZ)
   	Orthographic (ZOY)

   In each case the first axis is placed horizontal, the second vertical e.g.
   XOY means X horizontal, Y vertical.


SHAPES COLOR AND MATERIAL

   The selected shape's color can be modified in the Shapes-Color tabs.
   Shape's color is specified by the percentage of red, green, blue light
   it reflects. A surface can reflect DIFFUSE, AMBIENT and SPECULAR light.
   A surface can also emit light. The EMISSIVE parameter allows to define it.
   The surface SHININESS can also be modified.

SHAPES GEOMETRY

   The selected shape's location and geometry can be modified in the Shapes-Geom
   tabs by entering desired values in respective number entry controls.

SCENE CLIPPING

   In the Scene-Clipping tabs select a 'Clip Type': None, Plane, Box

   For 'Plane' and 'Box' the lower pane shows the relevant parameters:

	Plane: Equation coefficients of form aX + bY + cZ + d = 0
	Box: Center X/Y/Z and Length X/Y/Z

For Box checking the 'Show / Edit' checkbox shows the clip box (in light blue)
   in viewer. It also attaches the current manipulator to the box - enabling
   direct editing in viewer.

MANIPULATORS

   A widget attached to the selected object - allowing direct manipulation
   of the object with respect to its local axes.

   There are three modes, toggled with keys while manipulator is active, that is,
   mouse pointer is above it (switches color to yellow):
   	Mode		Widget Component Style		Key
   	----		----------------------		---
   	Translation	Local axes with arrows		v
   	Scale		Local axes with boxes		x
   	Rotate		Local axes rings		c

   Each widget has three axis components - red (X), green (Y) and blue (Z).
   The component turns yellow, indicating an active state, when the mouse is moved
   over it. Left click and drag on the active component to adjust the objects
   translation, scale or rotation.
   Some objects do not support all manipulations (e.g. clipping planes cannot be 
   scaled). If a manipulation is not permitted the component it drawn in grey and 
   cannot be selected/dragged.
